The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 Someone Else 37

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

1. Distribution of the Software, in the form of sourcecode or compiled bytecode,
modified or unmodified, or use of any part of the code contained within, is
entirely permissible, as long as attribution is given to to Someone Else 37 
(the "Owner") as the original author of the Software.

2. The Software shall not be distributed as compiled bytecode along with a
collection of other compiled Minecraft mods (a "modpack") unless all of those
other mods are also being distributed in accordance with their own licenses.
If this singular condition and the above attribution condition are met,
the Software is free to distribute with no further permission needed. There
is no need to notify the Owner, although he would appreciate a heads-up.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.